hey guys one most movies here bringing
you the BMC Higgins boat now the seconds
boat has great detail to once again like
all BMC vehicles have inside has a fair
amount of the fair amount of space for
54 millimeter toy soldiers has a great
space and even has a driver position
detailed steering wheel doesn't steer
anything it's just like detailed in
their cars sculpted and there's also
another space for like s media needy man
buddy or something on the back have a
sculpted like rope me before someone
fell off the landing craft and these two
things I just put on there for show you
front also has a sculpted it's thing
that will help the soldiers if they fall
off the landing craft at the front door
does open for soldiers to exit the
landing craft but if you know a lot
about War two in 1944 of June 6th d-day
why the soldiers would come under mg42
machine gun fire and would have to exit
over the sides of these also in 1943
when Marines line on Tarla these Higgins
boats would get caught on the reef or
coral that was hidden on the water
these Woodstock and Marines would have
to abort over the sides of the Higgins
boat this is a great
Hagen's vote it's the owner I've seen
that's like this size there are others
like Marks has a couple of Higgins boats
but they're not big and they really
can't fit any tanks or 54 millimeters
Toy Soldiers just they look really
awkward yep this is my opinion the best
one you also be seeing this in my
stop-motion war movies stay tuned for
that and yeah this is a great vehicle
that being said have a good day